{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f3\fnil Segoe UI Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\u-10179?\u-9019?\f1  Week-Long Project-Based Schedule: Data Manipulation, Visualization & Math Integration\par
This schedule focuses on NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, and Seaborn while reinforcing calculus, statistics, and probability concepts you\rquote ve learned. Each day includes a mini-project that applies these skills.\par
\par
\f2\u9989?\f1  Day 1: NumPy for Numerical Computations & Vector Operations\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8903?\f1  Concepts: NumPy arrays, vector operations (dot product, element-wise multiplication), basic statistics (mean, variance).\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8903?\f1  Project: "Vector & Matrix Operations Toolkit"\par
\par
Implement vector addition, dot product, and matrix multiplication.\par
Compute mean, variance, and standard deviation using NumPy.\par
Apply NumPy broadcasting for efficient calculations.\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8903?\f1  Resources: NumPy Documentation, 3Blue1Brown (Linear Algebra).\par
\f2\u9989?\f1  Day 2: Data Manipulation with Pandas (Exploring Datasets)\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8903?\f1  Concepts: Pandas DataFrames, filtering, grouping, statistical summaries.\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8903?\f1  Project: "COVID-19 Data Analyzer"\par
\par
Load a COVID-19 dataset (cases, deaths, recoveries).\par
Compute daily averages, highest/lowest case counts.\par
Group data by country and analyze trends.\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8903?\f1  Resources: Corey Schafer Pandas Tutorial, Kaggle Datasets.\par
\f2\u9989?\f1  Day 3: Probability & Statistics with Pandas\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8903?\f1  Concepts: Probability distributions (normal, uniform), sampling, statistical analysis.\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8903?\f1  Project: "Dice Roll & Coin Flip Probability Simulator"\par
\par
Simulate rolling a dice and flipping a coin using NumPy.\par
Generate a large sample and calculate probabilities.\par
Use Pandas to analyze results (mean, variance, frequency).\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8903?\f1  Resources: Khan Academy (Probability), Pandas Documentation.\par
\f2\u9989?\f1  Day 4: Data Visualization with Matplotlib (Basic Plots)\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8903?\f1  Concepts: Line plots, scatter plots, bar charts, histograms.\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8903?\f1  Project: "Stock Market Trend Visualizer"\par
\par
Load a stock market dataset (Google, Tesla, Apple).\par
Plot closing prices over time using Matplotlib.\par
Create histograms to analyze daily price changes.\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8903?\f1  Resources: Matplotlib Documentation, freeCodeCamp Visualization.\par
\f2\u9989?\f1  Day 5: Advanced Data Visualization with Seaborn\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8903?\f1  Concepts: Correlation heatmaps, pair plots, KDE plots.\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8903?\f1  Project: "Weather Data Heatmap & Analysis"\par
\par
Load weather data (temperature, humidity, wind speed).\par
Use Seaborn to create correlation heatmaps.\par
Plot KDE distributions to visualize temperature patterns.\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8903?\f1  Resources: Seaborn Documentation, Kaggle Weather Data.\par
\f2\u9989?\f1  Day 6: Combining Math & Visualization (Calculus + Data Science)\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8903?\f1  Concepts: Derivatives, gradient descent visualization.\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8903?\f1  Project: "Gradient Descent Visualizer"\par
\par
Simulate a simple function (e.g., quadratic).\par
Compute derivatives using NumPy.\par
Plot the function and its gradient using Matplotlib.\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8903?\f1  Resources: 3Blue1Brown (Calculus), NumPy Derivatives.\par
\f2\u9989?\f1  Day 7: Review, Optimization & Portfolio Work\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8903?\f1  Tasks:\par
\par
Refactor & improve all projects.\par
Document findings, add markdown explanations.\par
Upload projects to GitHub & create a Telegram post summarizing insights.\par
Identify areas for improvement and future projects.\par
\f2\u9203?\f1  Daily Time Allocation:\par
\f2\u9201?\f1  Morning (2 hours): Learn topic + start project.\par
\f2\u9201?\f1  Afternoon (1.5 hours): Debugging & improving project.\par
\f2\u9201?\f1  Evening (1 hour): Notes, GitHub upload, Telegram post.\par
\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8576?\f1  After completing this, you\rquote ll have a strong foundation in data manipulation, visualization, and integrating math concepts into Python! Would you like help structuring your GitHub portfolio for these projects?\par
\par
\b\par
# Data Manipulation & Visualization Projects Documentation\par
\par
## **Project 1: Vector & Matrix Operations Toolkit**\par
### **Objective:**\par
- Implement basic vector and matrix operations using NumPy.\par
- Compute statistical measures (mean, variance, standard deviation).\par
### **Requirements:**\par
- Python\par
- NumPy\par
### **Implementation Steps:**\par
1. Initialize vectors and matrices using NumPy arrays.\par
2. Implement addition, dot product, and matrix multiplication.\par
3. Compute mean, variance, and standard deviation using NumPy functions.\par
### **Expected Outcome:**\par
- A Python script capable of performing vector and matrix operations efficiently.\par
## **Project 2: COVID-19 Data Analyzer**\par
### **Objective:**\par
- Analyze COVID-19 dataset using Pandas.\par
- Compute trends, filter data, and group by country.\par
### **Requirements:**\par
- Python\par
- Pandas\par
- CSV dataset (COVID-19 statistics)\par
### **Implementation Steps:**\par
1. Load a dataset using Pandas.\par
2. Compute daily averages and highest/lowest case counts.\par
3. Filter and group data by country.\par
4. Generate summary statistics.\par
### **Expected Outcome:**\par
- A structured analysis of COVID-19 trends using Pandas.\par
## **Project 3: Dice Roll & Coin Flip Probability Simulator**\par
### **Objective:**\par
- Simulate probability experiments using NumPy.\par
- Analyze probability distributions using Pandas.\par
### **Requirements:**\par
- Python\par
- NumPy\par
- Pandas\par
### **Implementation Steps:**\par
1. Simulate dice rolls and coin flips.\par
2. Generate large samples and calculate probabilities.\par
3. Use Pandas to analyze mean, variance, and frequency.\par
### **Expected Outcome:**\par
- A statistical analysis of simulated probability experiments.\par
## **Project 4: Stock Market Trend Visualizer**\par
### **Objective:**\par
- Use Matplotlib to visualize stock market trends.\par
### **Requirements:**\par
- Python\par
- Matplotlib\par
- Pandas\par
- Stock market dataset\par
### **Implementation Steps:**\par
1. Load a stock market dataset.\par
2. Plot closing prices over time.\par
3. Create histograms of daily price changes.\par
### **Expected Outcome:**\par
- Graphical representation of stock trends and price variations.\par
## **Project 5: Weather Data Heatmap & Analysis**\par
### **Objective:**\par
- Use Seaborn for advanced data visualization.\par
### **Requirements:**\par
- Python\par
- Seaborn\par
- Pandas\par
- Weather dataset\par
### **Implementation Steps:**\par
1. Load weather dataset.\par
2. Create correlation heatmaps.\par
3. Use KDE plots to visualize temperature distributions.\par
### **Expected Outcome:**\par
- Heatmaps and KDE plots displaying weather patterns.\par
## **Project 6: Gradient Descent Visualizer**\par
### **Objective:**\par
- Implement and visualize gradient descent using NumPy and Matplotlib.\par
### **Requirements:**\par
- Python\par
- NumPy\par
- Matplotlib\par
### **Implementation Steps:**\par
1. Define a mathematical function.\par
2. Compute derivatives using NumPy.\par
3. Plot the function and its gradient descent path.\par
### **Expected Outcome:**\par
- A dynamic visualization of the gradient descent process.\par
## **Project 7: Review & Portfolio Enhancement**\par
### **Objective:**\par
- Review, optimize, and document all projects.\par
- Upload projects to GitHub and share findings.\par
### **Implementation Steps:**\par
1. Refactor and clean up code.\par
2. Write markdown documentation.\par
3. Upload to GitHub and summarize findings on Telegram.\par
### **Expected Outcome:**\par
- A well-documented portfolio showcasing data science skills.\b0\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8576?\f3  **Next Steps:**\par
- Expand projects with larger datasets.\par
- Implement interactive dashboards with Streamlit or Dash.\par
- Apply machine learning techniques on datasets.\par
\f1\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 